Fix `possible` values (#7975)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/light-elephants-applaud.md

---
"stylelint": patch
---

Changed: stricter `possible` values for:

- `block-no-empty`
- `declaration-property-max-values`
- `declaration-property-value-no-unknown`

> - `number-max-precision`

Reviewer: [suggest] Can you change it to one line? I believe multiple lines are not supported by Changeset.

> Changed: stricter `possible` values for:
> 
> - `block-no-empty`
> - `declaration-property-max-values`
> - `declaration-property-value-no-unknown`
> - `number-max-precision`

Author: ```suggestion
Changed: stricter `possible` values for `block-no-empty`, `declaration-property-max-values`, `declaration-property-value-no-unknown` and `number-max-precision`
```

---
"stylelint": patch
---

> Changed: stricter `possible` values for `block-no-empty`, `declaration-property-max-values`, `declaration-property-value-no-unknown` and `number-max-precision`

Reviewer: [suggest] Sorry for my repeated comments. How about using "Fixed" instead of "Changed" to clarify this PR is a bug fix? In addition, since "possible" seems internal, so I'd like to use "primary" and "secondary" instead for general users.

```suggestion
Fixed: primary or secondary options for `block-no-empty`, `declaration-property-max-values`, `declaration-property-value-no-unknown` and `number-max-precision` to be stricter
```
